#LyX 2.3 created this file. For more info see http://www.lyx.org/
\lyxformat 544
\begin_document
\begin_header
\save_transient_properties true
\origin unavailable
\textclass article
\use_default_options true
\maintain_unincluded_children false
\language english
\language_package default
\inputencoding auto
\fontencoding global
\font_roman "default" "default"
\font_sans "default" "default"
\font_typewriter "default" "default"
\font_math "auto" "auto"
\font_default_family default
\use_non_tex_fonts false
\font_sc false
\font_osf false
\font_sf_scale 100 100
\font_tt_scale 100 100
\use_microtype false
\use_dash_ligatures true
\graphics default
\default_output_format default
\output_sync 0
\bibtex_command default
\index_command default
\float_placement h
\paperfontsize default
\spacing single
\use_hyperref false
\papersize default
\use_geometry false
\use_package amsmath 1
\use_package amssymb 1
\use_package cancel 1
\use_package esint 1
\use_package mathdots 1
\use_package mathtools 1
\use_package mhchem 1
\use_package stackrel 1
\use_package stmaryrd 1
\use_package undertilde 1
\cite_engine basic
\cite_engine_type default
\biblio_style plain
\use_bibtopic false
\use_indices false
\paperorientation portrait
\suppress_date false
\justification true
\use_refstyle 1
\use_minted 0
\index Index
\shortcut idx
\color #008000
\end_index
\secnumdepth 3
\tocdepth 3
\paragraph_separation indent
\paragraph_indentation default
\is_math_indent 0
\math_numbering_side default
\quotes_style english
\dynamic_quotes 0
\papercolumns 1
\papersides 1
\paperpagestyle default
\tracking_changes false
\output_changes false
\html_math_output 0
\html_css_as_file 0
\html_be_strict false
\end_header

\begin_body

\begin_layout Title
Test Handook
\begin_inset Newline newline
\end_inset

Based on IEEE 829 Format
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
INTRODUCTION 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The primary goal of this plan is to ensure the correct operation of the
 Glass Store Project.
 The project will have two levels of testing, Unit and E2E testing.
 The strategies for each level will be further defined in the level specific
 plans.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
TEST ITEMS
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
Glass Store Application : 
\begin_inset Flex URL
status open

\begin_layout Plain Layout

https://github.com/andrasreka96/glassStoreTesting
\end_layout

\end_inset


\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
FEATURES TO BE TESTED
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The following is a list of the areas to be focused on during testing of
 the application.
 
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
discount rules
\end_layout

\begin_layout Itemize
GUI of discount calculator
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
APPROACH
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
The overall test approach is 
\emph on
white box
\emph default
 based.
 First we'll test a separated module on a granular level.
 We will derive our unit test objectives and unit test conditions based
 on the implementation, and after that we will check the component's behavior
 when it interacts with the user through the GUI.
 Technologies used for testing: Angular framework, Karma and Jasmine testing
 frameworks.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsection*
LEVEL SPECIFIC STRATEGIES
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
Unit Test Level
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For unit testing we will follow 
\emph on
Branch/Decision Testing strategy
\emph default
.
\end_layout

\begin_layout Subsubsection*
E2E/Functional Test Level
\end_layout

\begin_layout Standard
For E2E testing we will follow 
\emph on
Vertical End-to-End Testing strategy.
\end_layout

\end_body
\end_document
